fix: $state.eager() is sometimes incorrect in SSR (#18530)
sveltejs/svelte: .changeset/long-buttons-hunt.md

---
'svelte': patch
---

> fix: $state.eager() is sometimes incorrect in SSR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: ensure `$state.eager()` is correctly transormed for SSR output
```
